it's the October Saturday that volunteer
fans anticipate every season the
Tennessee Alabama rivalry once again the
volunteers take on the number one ranked
Alabama which makes this the fifth time
Tennessee has played a top-10 opponent
in the last six games let's get right to
highlights with the vol networks Bob
Kesling he'll pick a handoff Worley back
to throw fires down the via the pass
complete the Martin quest towards the
midfield and the Alabama territory down
to the 40-yard line
Alabama's go smart west north
barely waste to the snap gets it back as
well looks right fires the pass gonna be
caught up in the 30-yard line breaking a
tackle getting to the 32 yard line
adjacent through
there's the kickoff live foster Joe
New York's decline
bring it out to the 10:15
stays on his feet Malachy front
our sunlight shut that amount by Joe
good return by devran young maybe that's
a spark
place rate to the five drinks spins and
gets close to the inside
the ball comes free the ball is loose it
is recovered by Tennessee
back to throw sets big pressure control
strike dumps it off ahead the pass
complete to the 25 to the 30s out to the
31 yard line comes rage on Neal
Worley out of the shotgun back to throw
Alabama running to Luke
but at the 30 down to the 25 into the 23
yard line his booty blank tawny blank
his first career Tennessee catch gets it
down to the 24 yard line
Dobbs waiting for the snap from James
Stone gets it pants off tailback and
Ray's out Neal ponds into the 40 to the
45 to the 50 foot race down the far
sideline they're going to catch it
common stocks the ball out of bounds and
drags Neal out of bounds at the 25 yard
line so Tennessee it's best play of the
day a handoff straight up the middle to
rage on Neal
and a races 43 yards in the Alabama
territory tip is down all the way by
Palardy spending for the uprights and
that kick is good
back to throw steps up winds up an out
pattern is caught on a great diving
catch by mooring west north of the 23
yard line
and off tail by Doug Dobbs keeps it
going around the left side tries to turn
the corner to the 30 and knocked out of
a house chased down Dobbs operating out
of the shotgun
gets the snap fakes a handoff rolls
right looks fires long down the sideline
to Johnson he's got it at the 40-yard
line and out of bounds
Gilardi gets the snap and he is gonna
put it away end-over-end Jones comes up
gonna let the ball bounce that it skips
to the one-yard line Tennessee Batson
games it alive and it's gonna be down at
the one-yard line
I look like a hot potato down there
Tennessee passing around trying to keep
us out of the ends
Dobbs play fake rolls out to the near
side looks lips the fire cross via the
pass complete down on the 25-yard line
in the 20 breaking a tackle to the 15
goes Marquess nor
hence it back to throw fires over the
middle the pass is going to be caught
it's caught down at the three yard line
by Jason Truman that's a first down a
pickup of five hats off
tailback up the middle fighting for the
end zone and not in them raised on
kneeled down just inches shy of the goal
line
so rage on Neal gets the rushing
touchdown good drive by Joshua Dobbs
he's put ten point four nine points on
the board
the volunteers fought hard but it wasn't
enough to overcome a talented Alabama
team on their home field Tennessee will
regroup and head to the University of
Missouri next weekend to take on the
leaders of the SEC East until then I'm
Sarah Mitchell for UT sports calm